Utility for increasing budget during execution of PyTeal applications (#274)
algorand/pyteal: docs/opup.rst

.. _opup:

> Budget Increase Utility

Reviewer: @algoidurovic Optionally, I propose mentioning _OpUp_ in the page title.  Since it seems we'll use the language _OpUp_, I think it'd be helpful for readers to see the term in the table of contents + at top of page.

```suggestion
OpUp:  Budget Increase Utility
```

========================

Some opcode budget is consumed during execution of every Algorand Smart Contract because every teal
instruction has a corresponding cost. In order for the evaluation to succeed, the budget consumed must not
exceed the budget provided. This constraint may introduce a problem for expensive contracts that quickly
consume the initial budget of 700. The OpUp budget increase utility provides a workaround using inner
transactions. Note that there is a context specific limit to the number of inner transactions issued in a
transaction group so budget cannot be increased arbitrarily. The available budget when using the OpUp
utility will need to be high enough to execute the teal code that issues the inner transactions. A budget

> of ~20 is enough for most use cases.

Reviewer 2: nit: it would be nice if the overview explicitly stated that how this works (by executing noop inner txns that increase the group's pooled compute budget) and where the funding comes from (the app's account, not the caller or creator's). The first is a nice-to-have, but the second seems more important for practical purposes

Usage
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :any:`pyteal.OpUp` utility is available in two modes: :any:`Explicit` and :any:`OnCall`:

================= ================================================================================
OpUp Mode         Description
================= ================================================================================
:code:`Explicit`  Calls a user provided external app when more budget is requested.
:code:`OnCall`    Creates the app to be called when more budget is requested.
================= ================================================================================

> :any:`Explicit` has the benefit of constructing more lightweight inner transactions but requires the
> target app ID to be provided in the foreign apps array field of the transaction and the :any:`pyteal.OpUp`
> constructor in order for it to be accessible. :any:`OnCall` is easier to use but has slightly more overhead
> because the target app must be created and deleted during the evaluation of an app call.

Reviewer: @algoidurovic Minor:  _Suggests_ adding commas for readability.

```suggestion
:any:`Explicit` has the benefit of constructing more lightweight inner transactions, but requires the
target app ID to be provided in the foreign apps array field of the transaction and the :any:`pyteal.OpUp`
constructor in order for it to be accessible. :any:`OnCall` is easier to use, but has slightly more overhead
because the target app must be created and deleted during the evaluation of an app call.
```

:any:`pyteal.OpUp.ensure_budget` attempts to ensure that the available budget is at least the budget requested by
the caller. If there aren't enough funds for issuing the inner transactions or the inner transaction limit
is exceeded, the evaluation will fail. The typical usage pattern is to insert the :any:`pyteal.OpUp.ensure_budget`
call just before a particularly heavyweight subroutine or expression. Keep in mind that the required budget
expression will be evaluated before the inner transactions are issued so it may be prudent to avoid expensive
expressions, which may exhaust the budget before it can be increased.

> In the example below, the Ed25519Verify expression is used, which costs 1900.

Reviewer: @algoidurovic Minor thoughts:
* It's possible to link the `Ed25519Verify` reference.   https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22700606/how-would-i-cross-reference-a-function-generated-by-autodoc-in-sphinx helped me understand how to do it.
* Optionally, I prefer to add commas for readability on numbers with > 3 digits.

```suggestion
In the example below, the :py:meth:`pyteal.Ed25519Verify` expression is used, which costs 1,900.
```

.. code-block:: python

>     target_app_id = Int(1) # the application id to be called when more budget is requested

Reviewer 2: nit: something more explicit saying this should be replaced with an app ID the user provides would help

    # OnCall mode works the exact same way, just omit the target_app_id
    opup = OpUp(OpUpMode.Explicit, target_app_id)
    program = Seq(
        If(Txn.application_id() != Int(0)).Then(
            Seq(
                opup.ensure_budget(Int(2000)),

>                 Pop(Ed25519Verify(args[0], args[1], args[2])),

Reviewer 2: nit: I think `Assert` would be a better example than `Pop`

            )
        ),
        Approve(),
    )

> :any:`pyteal.OpUp.maximize_budget` attempts to issue as many inner transactions as possible with the given fee.

Reviewer 2: nit: would be nice if this section for `maximize_budget` and the previous section for `ensure_budget` were under different subheadings to break up the explanations & examples

This essentially maximizes the available budget while putting a ceiling on the amount of fee spent. Just
as with :any:`pyteal.OpUp.ensure_budget`, the evaluation will fail if there aren't enough funds for issuing the
inner transactions or the inner transaction limit is exceeded. This method may be preferred to
:any:`pyteal.OpUp.ensure_budget` when the fee spent on increasing budget needs to be capped or if the developer
would rather just maximize the available budget instead of doing in depth cost analysis on the program.

> In the example below, the fee is capped at 3000 for increasing the budget. This works out to 3 inner

Reviewer: @algoidurovic Optional _suggestions_:
* Add commas for numbers with > 3 digits.
* Specify units to avoid ambiguity - microAlgos in this case.

```suggestion
In the example below, the fee is capped at 3,000 microAlgos for increasing the budget. This works out to 3 inner
```

> transactions being issued, each increasing the available budget by 700.

Reviewer 2: I'd say ~700, since there is some overhead
